the doctors at nasar hospital in kanun
have their hands full gaza's second
biggest city in the south of the strip
has been under Israeli evacuation orders
again while some Palestinians have left
many refuse to be
displaced they have moved around more
times than most can't count and
experience has taught them safe zones do
not
exist I had my sewing stall where I
repair shoes for people everything was
quiet before the rocket hit these are
people who accuse us of terrorism Israel
is a terrorist
State this Survivor of an attack in Khan
yunas says she was cooking for her kids
when the building collapsed around
her suddenly we couldn't see and Stones
came tumbling down on us there are no
fighters in our area we are civilians
there are only civilians in the building
I lost many members of my family in the
strike elsewhere in Gaza a strike hit a
family home in the crowded narat refugee
camp among the victims were several
children aged between two and
11 we heard the sound of a very strong
explosion it caused massive destruction
we went out running to see what happened
and who was hit we found body parts all
over the street emergency rooms waiting
areas and the floors of gaza's hospitals
are full Israel's renewed weekl Long
offensive particularly onh yunes comes
on the eve of a new ceasefire talks but
people here are angry that Israel is not
serious about ending the war and that
they feel that the world appears to do
little but watch Horrors unfold
there is chaos outside the hospital as
the wounded just keep
arriving T abom Al jazer Dar bah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz